Rails 7 (#91)
RoleModel/rolemodel_rails: lib/generators/rolemodel/optics/base/README.md

# Base CSS Generator

```
rails g rolemodel:optics:all
```

## What you get

> Pulls in the rolemodel optics design system and adds the slim gem

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pulls in the RoleModel [Optics](https://docs.optics.rolemodel.design/) design system
```
